{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21880\viewh14000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 An executable is a version of your project that can be run independently on any platform you choose. \
\
The name of an executable has two parts. The first part is whatever you've named your project. In my case, If I named a project YourName and created an executable, the first part of the name would be YourName. The second part depends on whether you are building for iOS or Windows.\
\
An iOS application ends with .app, so the whole file name would be YourName.app. Normally on a Mac, the .app does not appear. It is there and it is how the computer can tell that this file contains work for it to do rather than something like the collection of words and formatting instructions you'd find in a typical Word documents. If you double click on the name of the executable, your project will run as an application, just as it did when you pressed play in Unity.\
\
On a Windows machine the application name ends with .exe, so my executable would be 
\b YourName.exe
\b0 . However, there is one other difference and this is crucial. For a Windows project Unity will also create a folder with a suffix _Data.  Without that, the .exe file will not work. So in my case I would have a file named 
\b YourName.exe
\b0  and a folder named 
\b YourName_Data
\b0 . Both must be present to run the application.\
\
To keep the file and folder together, you should create a new folder, give it your name and put both the .exe file and the _Data folder into it.\
\
To create an executable go to File / Build Settings. Any scene that will appear in your project should appear in the large gray rectangle at the top. You add scenes to that area by clicking the button "Add Open Scene". If there is only one scene, when the executable is run, it will open in that scene.\
\
Once your scene is listed you can select Build. A window will open and ask where you want to put the result. Choose the desktop then press Save and Unity will do the rest.\
\
You can select the platform you are targeting. For example, if you are developing on a Mac but want to see your work in VR, you'll either have to copy it to a PC with Unity and build it there, or you will have to change the target platform in Build Settings. Building for a different platform requires downloading extra software and most people don't bother. If you want the extra software and didn't get it the first time, you'll need to re-download Unity and check the appropriate boxes.
\fs20 \
\
}